Nasif Hossain(nhossain) comments on Jawad Rizvi(jnrizvi): 

In traffic officers where it's stated that each traffic officer has a city where the
officer operates, it's given as a set attribute in the ER diagram. I would prefer that as
a separate entity having a participation constraint from traffic officers. I like how he
put each entity as an ISA relationship from the "super entity"  person. He put a
constraint and one to many relationship from mother to birth registration following the
statement: "A birth may be registered without a father but always has a mother." I believe
it would be a participation constraint from mothers registering for birth. I also believe
that there needs to be a one to many relationship from vehicle to vehicle registration as
"a vehicle can have multiple registrations. Other than these points, everything else seems
good to me.
 

Nasif Hossain(nhossain) comments on Yazan Al-Muhtasib(yalmuhta):

Some details on how traffic officer as an entity has city as an attribute would be great for describing how each officer has a city where he operates. Vehicles can have multiple registrations are not present as a constraint in the relation between vehicles and registration. Since License class is a weak entity, it has to be bolded from the relation. However, since it is stated that a unique ID is present in every license class, putting that as a weak entity is not necessary. Other than that, everything else seems okay.
Some details on how traffic officer as an entity has city as an attribute would be great
for describing how each officer has a city where he operates. Vehicles can have multiple registrations are not
present as a constraint in the relation between vehicles and registration. Since License
class is a weak entity, it has to be bolded from the relation. However, since it is stated
that a unique ID is present in every license class, putting that as a weak entity is not
necessary. Other than that, everything else seems okay.

Jawad Rizvi(jnrizvi) comments on Nasif Hossain(nhossain):

The arrow integrity constraint is missing from register_by to birth. I don't think you should have a relationship connecting Traffic Officer and city; there is also no need
for a participation constraint that says Traffic officer operates on exactly one city.
Please make sure the file is correctly oriented. Looks good otherwise.

Jawad Rizvi(jnrizvi) comments on Yazan Al-Muhtasib(yalmuhta):

Your diagram suggests that each vehicle is owned_by exactly one driver, but this is not
the case. Also, avoid crossing over lines over, as this may make the diagram disorganized.
I'm not sure each Ticket is given_to each vehicle; I expressed this as each Ticket is
given_to the vehicle's registration. Why is LicenseClass a weak entity? I think the city
attribute of Traffic_Officer should instead be a set-value attribute, since a
Traffic_Officer may operate in more than one city. Looks good otherwise.


Yazan Al-Muhtaseb(yalmuhta) comments on Jawad Rizvi (jnrizvi):

For traffic officier, are you sure that oper_city is actually a set value attribute? Are there multiple cities allowed for one officier?
Check Clarifcations of Sept20: (1) ...and not all drivers have drivers liscence. You have a participation constraint on obtains.
Additionally, the Clarifications state that "not all vehicles are registered, you have a participation on register_v.
Clarification (4) states that each drivers license has one class, you do not have an arrow from has_a to license_class
dp_notice has no keys, could it be something other than an entity?
Person doesnt have any keys?
Wouldnt there be a participation constraint for both partners in a marriage?
Could license class possibly be a weak entity?

Yazan Al-Muhtaseb(yalmuhta) comments on Nasif Hossain (nhossain):

City does not have any attributes, I recommend that you give the city as an attribute to the officier.
Wouldnt there be a participation constraint for both partners in a marriage?
Drivers do not have to get drivers licenses based off of the information of the clarification given in assignment details.
Each drivers license must have one class only, an arrow along with a participation constraint solves this.
Could license class possibly be a weak entity?
Note that not all cars are registered in the clarification, and do drivers actually have the register relationship?



